Dai [thought]:
My sword realizes it!
[roaring]
Hey - Don't burn all the energy
from your Dragon Crest.
You've got to pace
yourself, Dai!
He's not the Hadlar we knew!
Dai: If I don't use my
full strength - it's over!
Yes! Brilliant observation.
You are worthy of battle!
End of the road...
For Avan's Disciples.
Popp: H-Hadlar's
completely transformed.
He's more than
just some monster!
That looks... familiar!
He's a... Superior Being!
Popp: W-What?!
Dai: Zamza's research...
he used it to mutate
himself into this.
Didn't you, Hadlar?!
Why not find out
yourself, little hero?
Just summon up
that courage...
Then come and fight me.
Experience
the kind of power
one can only obtain
with great sacrifice!
Hadlar: You'll
soon realize...
That every formidable enemy
you've ever fought and bested...
...is now nothing
compared to me!
[pained yell]
Dai!
Dai [thought]:
That's impossible.
I blocked him with the crest
power focused into my hand...
But I don't feel it anymore!
I can't draw my
sword like this.
[roaring]
Hadlar: Boom!
[pained yell]
A... A spell?
But how?!
The last Superior Being
we fought couldn't use magic!
Stop, Hadlar!
Killvearn:
How about you "stop"?
Killvearn: Easy.
We're at a ceasefire for now.
Out of respect
for Commander Hadlar.
After all, this is a one-on-one
duel between him and Dai.
Oh, get real.
This is not a duel!
You and Mystvearn-
you lured us into a trap!
Killvearn: If you say so,
but aren't you a teensy,
weensy bit interested
in seeing this play out?
Killvearn: Hadlar has
abandoned his Darkling species.
He's given up his entire
identity for this battle.
"Given up"?
Oh, I understand!
In order to use magic
while in this new form-
he had to permanently
give up the ability
to turn himself back into
a Darkling, isn't that right?
And that means
Lord Hadlar is going to be
stuck in that monstrous
body of his forever!
[laughing]
Killvearn: That's right.
It's a bit embarrassing,
but as a result,
he's only gotten
a little stronger.
Yup, yup, yup, master.
Popp [thought]:
Only a "little" stronger?
Are you kidding me?!
A Superior Being
that can cast spells...
What are we supposed
to do up against that?!
Hadlar: I no longer
care for my Darkling body.
In fact, when I finally
gave it up for good...
I felt all of my
foolish pride and ego
slip away into
nothingness...
And I became a vessel.
There is no Hadlar-
there is only the darkness.
The individual
is not victorious.
And that...
Is a lesson from my
nemesis - Avan the Hero!
[flying yell]
Dai [thought]:
He's strong...
Not only that, he's more
determined than ever before.
I can't beat him
without my sword.
I need to draw it
with my left hand somehow!
[charging roar]
[roaring]
Boom!
Wave Slash!
Hadlar: Ah...
So, this is what that new
blade of yours is capable of...
Very well.
Your next attack shall
test our little theory;
Whether the raw power
of my Supreme fist...
could beat a legendary weapon.
This should be interesting.
Popp: He's got something
up his sleeve... but...
How could he have something
stronger than those claws?!
No way.
Dai's new sword is destructive
in a way no one's
ever seen before-
There's no way he
can lose with it.
Whatever Hadlar's got...
Whatever secret attack
he has planned...
It'll never be stronger than
the Sword of Dai - it won't!
Killvearn: [chuckling]
Hurry and finish
him off, Dai!
Remember the last time?
Superior Beings are able to
regenerate during battle!
Dai [thought]:
I remember, Popp.
And I intend to finish it.
Good. The feeling's
coming back!
Draconic Aura!
Killvearn: That's...
Can it be?
Ah, the Strash.
Killvearn:
The attack that cleaved
Sovereign Rock Castle in half
was probably Earth Slash.
And he just used Wave Slash.
This will be the
first time the boy has used
Avan Strash with
that new blade of his.
I bet you think you've
got this one in the bag, huh?
Well, I'm about to release a
strike with all of my power.
Let's see you beat that!
Then try it.
If you're right about
this power of yours...
I doubt I'll be able
to survive a direct hit.
But - know this;
If I live,
it will be your end!
You, a Dragon Knight, are
meant to be a divine creation-
an ultimate being!
And if you are to fail?
My superiority
will be tested-
and I will have surpassed
the strength of a god!
Killvearn: He seems pretty
confident, doesn't he?
This is exciting.
Dai [thought]: I won't lose.
Not while I have
the Sword of Dai.
No matter who I face!
I can't lose!
Here goes, Hadlar.
Come on!
Avan...
Strash!
Popp: What happened?!
No... But how?!
That was a direct hit
from Dai's new sword,
and there isn't
even a scratch?
Is his... Is his body...
Even harder than Orichalcum?!
Dai: Th-That's not it...
I... felt the impact...
Of metal on metal, somehow!
[chuckling]
Yes, that's right.
You know I
have one, too, Dai.
A legendary weapon
may be equal to yours.
Don't you remember?
It's called the
Sword of Champions.
Sword of Champions?
Right - I forgot!
Zamza stole it
and gave it to him!
Yes.
The real one this time.
Let me show you.
The sword and I
are joined as one!
[shocked gasp]
Hadlar: [roaring]
[struggling grunts]
Gah, that's hot!
Killvearn: There's something
about this Dark Aura...
Mystvearn: Dark Fire Energy.
What is that?!
What do you think, kid?
Dark, en, er, gy!
The Dark Fire kind!
It burns life energy down until
its reduced to nothing, y'see!
Just watch!
Hadlar: I can
tell from that strike.
My strength as
a superior being
is comparable to
a Dragon Knight's!
And with this...
Legendary weapon of mine...
My ability may
be even greater!
No - Dai!
But I refuse to hold back.
To dilute my own abilities
in a fight like this one...
It would be
disrespectful to both of us.
Now - take this, Dai...
One last, all-out attack...
With the Sword of Champions!
[roaring]
Hadlar: Ultra...
Combustion Slash!
Mystvearn: "Ultra
Combustion Slash"?!
Killvearn: Not a bad idea.
By using Dark Fire Energy
along with his sword,
the power of his attack is
amplified to an extreme degree.
Oh, wow! Cool!
Dai, run for it!
Don't get hit!
Dai [thought]:
I-I can't. It's too late.
I have to defend
with my Draconic Aura!
But it's too weak!
Perish!
Killvearn: Oh, my.
Is that really the end?
No! Look up there.
Hadlar: A Zoom spell.
That ridiculous
mage interfered.
Cheater! Cheater!
Oh... Cheater!
They're running?!
Come back!
I don't think so...
Just watch.
Wow! He is super fast!
Killvearn: Let's follow them.
I never thought I'd see
the day I get called a cheater
by a bunch of
freaks like them.
But, Popp...
Why?
Dai, let's face it...
Hadlar can't be beat.
Not if you fight him alone.
Every time we fought...
He would give in to his emotions
and begin to lose control.
Popp: That's why even I
was able to match him somehow.
But now, Hadlar has changed!
He isn't just stronger than
he's ever been before, is he?
His mind is...
focused, as well.
He's calculating every move.
Unlike before.
At least... That's
what it seemed like.
Dai: But...
Popp: Enough.
We're going back to Papnica.
Don't forget you literally cut
a castle in half earlier today.
Here we go.
Zoom!
Popp [thought]: Oh, no.
I've used up
all my magic power.
Popp? What happened?
Don't you worry!
Let's just get as
far away from here
as we can with
a Levizoom spell!
Hadlar: Where do
you think you're going?
You're headed East, Popp.
You know that's not
the way back, don't you?
Zaboera: [cackling]
That's right.
How do the two of you like
my flawless Superior
Being creation, eh?!
If he defeats Dai, it will mean
he surpassed a Dragon Knight.
He will be greater than
a god-created warrior...
Meaning that I too
have surpassed the gods.
Surely it's safe to say
that now, I am a god myself!
[prideful cackle]
Hadlar [thought]:
Interesting.
He can already use Levizoom
without the help of his crest.
I can't take my eyes
off him for a second.
[panting]
Dai...
Don't... Don't you do it!
Dai [thought]: Popp, run...
While I'm keeping him busy!
Your crest has faded...
And that means...
your Draconic Aura
must also be gone.
It looks like I win!
Dai [thought]:
I have to attack.
Staying on the defensive
with this little energy
won't be enough for
another attack from him.
It's over, Dai!
Dai [thought]: Anything!
Some sort of attack that uses
whatever I have
left all at once!
Ultra Combustion Slash!
Piroro: L-Look!
Dai!
N-No! Where did he go?
Popp: Dai!
No, c'mon...
Dai!
Popp: Dai!
This can't be happening.
Dai's sword was...
was supposed to be unrivaled!
Please, c'mon, buddy...
Get back here.
Just get back here and fight!
He defeated the Hero?
Killvearn: Both of them
having weapons made from
Orichalcum certainly
evened the match.
But in terms of
physical strength,
a Superior Being
is more powerful.
This is probably
Hadlar's victory.
It's no fair.
He's hogging all the glory.
Popp: Hadlar!
Killvearn: Called it.
Hadlar... is victorious.
Just like a true Hero.
The boy didn't disappoint.
Hadlar?
It... was a draw?!
Killvearn: Myst,
go and see to
our good friend
Hadlar, would you?
Meanwhile...
I will take
care of the mage.
Narrator: With the
battle ended in a draw
and Dai swallowed
up by the frigid sea,
a wounded Hadlar
leaves the battlefield.
Meanwhile, Popp
searches desperately for
his fallen comrade,
but the Reaper Killvearn
is hot on his heels.
Will Popp manage to survive?
And what will become
of our hero's fate?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Hero Lost
in the Glacier".